My Zhao family is unreliable
You are you
You also broke the inheritance of my Zhao family for thousands of years
It's you who would rather the Zhao family be doomed
Impossible how could this be
Nothing is impossible
Han down, do you have anything else to say?
Ye Hua, for the sake of our correction
Please forgive me.
Do you know that in order to wait until today
How many years have I waited?
Did you know that your Han family caused my wife to be separated?
Broken family
I don't know.
I don't have it.
I don't have I don't have I don't have
Mr. Ye said there is
Do you have anything else to say?
Sir, it was indeed a misunderstanding just now.
We shouldn't use
I shouldn't have misunderstood you in prison
Misunderstandings are all misunderstandings
Our New Zealand Jiang Awei is not comprehensive
I am willing to apologize to you.
I would also like to apologize to sir
My Ministry of War would like to recommend you to the King of Nanjiang Building
My household department is willing to allocate tens of billions, please forgive me, sir
Oh, it does?
Since it was a misunderstanding
I won't go too far into that.
You are here